,metadata for the file according to
,slovak rules3
- text was formatted according to
  slovak formatting rules 8still under
  development02
- braille code3 the slovak braille rules
  were used2
- the standard formatting for braille
  books is #dj char]line1 #be
  lines]page2
- ,encoding3 ,north ,american english
- the lists do not need to be separated
  with a blank line from the text above
  the list1 but must be separated with a
  blank line below the list2

                                      #f
- we have four heading levels which are
  described below4
- after the first page of the document1
  just before the heading two1 there is
  an empty line4 n standard setting1
  this empty line would be ommitted for
  print material1 as there is no need to
  keep an empty line1 if the heading is
  at the beginning of the page4


2,explanation of headings of four
levels3

          ,this is heading #a
       with longer text1 because
     the formatting depends on its
                 length

  ,followed by the parragraph with
standard indentation4 ,this is it4 ,it
represents an example of the standard
parragraph1 one empty line must separate
it from the heading #a4
                                      #g
    ,this is heading #b
    with longer text1 because the
    formatting depends on its length
    8corresponds with h#c in duxbury0

  ,followed by the parragraph with
standard indentation4 ,this is it4 ,it
represents an example of the standard
parragraph1 one empty line must separate
it from the heading #b4

,this is heading #c with longer text1
because the formatting depends on its
length

  ,followed by the parragraph with
standard indentation4 ,this is it4 ,it
represents an example of the standard
parragraph1 one empty line must separate
it from the heading #c4

,this is heading #c with longer text1
because the formatting depends on its
length3
  ,followed by the parragraph with    #h
standard indentation4 ,this is it4 ,it
represents an example of the standard
parragraph1 there is no empty line
separating it from the heading #d4

